README.md, before:


# Alternate Career Planner
![Logo](https://i.imgur.com/JPuGrjA.png)

## Project Description

Students in Tickle College of Engineering often get into their major and realize that they love engineering, but want a different specialty. Alternate Career Planner allows students to upload their DARS report webpage (in HTML) and view all other engineering majors ranked from the least number of remaining course requirements.

## Technologies Used

![ReactBadge](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![JSBadge](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E)
![HTMLBadge](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSSBadge](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![PythonBadge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-FFD43B?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=blue)
![FlaskBadge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white)

This project was built with React.js, involving HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Additionally, Python and Flask were used to analyze documents and determine suggested majors.

## Screenshot
![Screenshot1](https://i.imgur.com/h3aoBGZ.jpeg)

## Project Members

- Emily Constantin
- Kale Dodson
- Beatrice Eldridge
- Jack Minehan
- Ryan Perry

Commit message:

Added description of interest quiz in README.md #41

README.md, after:


# Alternate Career Planner
![Logo](https://i.imgur.com/JPuGrjA.png)

## Project Description

Students in Tickle College of Engineering often get into their major and realize that they love engineering, but want a different specialty. Alternate Career Planner allows students to upload their DARS report webpage (in HTML) and view all other engineering majors ranked from the least number of remaining course requirements. Additionally, students can take a short quiz to determine what majors they would most enjoy based on their outside interests or hobbies.

## Technologies Used

![ReactBadge](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![JSBadge](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E)
![HTMLBadge](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSSBadge](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![PythonBadge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-FFD43B?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=blue)
![FlaskBadge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white)

This project was built with React.js, involving HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Additionally, Python and Flask were used to analyze documents and determine suggested majors.

## Screenshot
![Screenshot1](https://i.imgur.com/h3aoBGZ.jpeg)

## Project Members

- Emily Constantin
- Kale Dodson
- Beatrice Eldridge
- Jack Minehan
- Ryan Perry
