# Sprint 2

* name: Ryan Perry
* github id: ryandavidperry
* group name: Alternate Career Planner

### What you planned to do
* Convert the C++ code used to parse the user's academic history HTML file to Java ([gh-11](https://github.com/utk-cs340-fall24/Alternate-Career-Planner/issues/11))
* Create a screen to display a list of quiz questions that help the user determine which major is best for them ([gh-19](https://github.com/utk-cs340-fall24/Alternate-Career-Planner/issues/19)) 
* Create a tutorial on the home screen that teaches the user how to download their Academic History File from UTK's DARS ([gh-20](https://github.com/utk-cs340-fall24/Alternate-Career-Planner/issues/20))

### What you did not do
* I completed every task I had planned for this sprint. In the next sprint, I will interpret the user's quiz data to determine the most suitable major for them.

### What problems you encountered
* I had some problems creating the quiz screen and tutorial component. I am still getting accustomed to JavaScript's syntax. Maintaining the structure of the tutorial and quiz components when resizing the page was particularly challenging. I also had some problems implementing page routing with React Router. Integrating React Router elements with UI components created by my group members led to a few compilation issues.

### Issues you worked on
* I worked on [Issue #11](https://github.com/utk-cs340-fall24/Alternate-Career-Planner/issues/11), which was focused on parsing the user's academic history file that is generated by UTK's DARS in Java. This program stores course objects for a user's completed classes in a vector. I had already written this code in C++. I rewrote it in Java so that it could be more easily integrated with React.
* I worked on [Issue #19](https://github.com/utk-cs340-fall24/Alternate-Career-Planner/issues/19) and created a screen to display a career interest quiz. The user can answer the questions and navigate between them. After completing the quiz, the screen displays all the user's answers.
* I worked on [Issue #20](https://github.com/utk-cs340-fall24/Alternate-Career-Planner/issues/20) and created a brief tutorial that teaches the user how to download their Academic History File from UTK's DARS. The user can navigate between screenshots as they complete each step in the tutorial.

### Files you worked on
* /alternate-career-planner/public/image-1.jpg
* /alternate-career-planner/public/image-2.jpg
* /alternate-career-planner/public/image-3.jpg
* /alternate-career-planner/public/image-4.jpg
* /alternate-career-planner/public/image-5.jpg
* /alternate-career-planner/public/image-6.jpg
* /alternate-career-planner/src/App.js
* alternate-career-planner/src/components/ImageSlider/ImageSlider.js
* /alternate-career-planner/src/components/RealHeader/RealHeader.css
  * Note: Copied from /alternate-career-planner/src/components/Header/Header.css which is used with Storybook: Frontend Workshop. I only made minor modifications to the file so that it could be used in the webpage. All credit goes to Jack Minehan (jckmnhn)
* /alternate-career-planner/src/components/RealHeader/RealHeader.js
  * Note: Copied from /alternate-career-planner/src/components/Header/Header.js which is used with Storybook: Frontend Workshop. I only made minor modifications to the file so that it could be used in the webpage. All credit goes to Jack Minehan (jckmnhn)
* /alternate-career-planner/src/components/QuizComp/QuizComp.js
* /alternate-career-planner/src/components/QuizComp/quizdata.js
* /alternate-career-planner/src/views/CompletedCoursesView/CompletedCoursesView.js
* /alternate-career-planner/src/views/Home/Home.css
* /alternate-career-planner/src/views/Home/Home.js
* /alternate-career-planner/src/views/Quiz/Quiz.css
* /alternate-career-planner/src/views/Quiz/Quiz.js
* /java_parsing/course.java
* /java_parsing/main.java
* /java_parsing/README.md

### What you accomplished
During this sprint, I rewrote the academic history file parsing program I developed during Sprint 1 in Java so that it could more easily be used with React. The program extracts the course code, credit hours, grade, and course title from each of the courses the user has taken or is currently taking. It then stores the data in a list of course objects for easy access.

I also created a Quiz componenet and screen for the React webpage. This screen displays a short interest quiz. The component can pull from any number of quiz questions specified in the [quizdata](https://github.com/utk-cs340-fall24/Alternate-Career-Planner/blob/main/alternate-career-planner/src/components/QuizComp/quizdata.js) file. The user can answer multiple-choice questions, navigate between questions, and few their quiz results. Next sprint, I plan to interpret the user's quiz data to find which major they are most suited for.

I also created a brief tutorial on the homescreen that teaches the user how to get their academic history file from UTK's DARS. The tutorial integrates an Image Slider component that displays a few tutorial images from the [public](https://github.com/utk-cs340-fall24/Alternate-Career-Planner/tree/fc4f615ae7a8b0745ee10ebaa753c1179f81c7d5/alternate-career-planner/public) directory. The user can navigate between steps by clicking the arrow buttons next to the image or clicking the step in the list. 

In this sprint I also implemented page routing using React Router. This allows the user to navigate between pages using links. Links can be hidden inside other components such as buttons.
